c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.pdb
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\PacmanREST.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\PacmanREST.pdb
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\obj\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\obj\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.dll
c:\users\geoffrey\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\obj\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\PacmanREST.Tests.dll.config
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Geoffrey\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\PacmanREST\PacmanREST.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
